Patch 1 (#5)
opengeospatial/D040-Complex_Feature_Handling_Engineering_Report: 7-standards-assessment.adoc

----
 http://steinbeis-3dps.eu:8080/tb14/wfs3/3D_CityModel_manhattan/collections/buildings/scene?format=application/json&bbox=-73.99562241015136,40.72227595290325,-73.9799164993194,40.749273379993284
----

The aforementioned call will deliver a 3D building model (as one layer of the 3D city model (3D-DLM))
of Manhattan using 3D Tiles. It can be rendered in the Cesium globe (See Fig 1). A prototype implemetation can be accessed (http://81.169.187.7:8081/3DPS_App/)

[#img-App]
.Cesium Globe 3D Tiles Manhattan 
image::images/3dps6.png[3D]

The current OpenAPI implementation supports two functionalities **Data Layer** and **3D Scene** (See Fig. 2). 

[#img-App2]
.OpenAPI 
image::images/3dps1.png[]

The **data Layer** function is used to retrieve the name of the available data layers. The current implementation supports one layer only:  _“3D_CityModel_manhattan”_ . However, in case the service supports more then one data layer it will show a list of supported data layers.

----
{“datalayer ”: “3D_CityModel_manhattan,3D_CityModel_geneva,3D_CityModel_stuttgart"}
----

> To test the REST API call, first clicking on the _Try it out_  button and then _execute_ button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the Web API, first click on the _Try it out_  button and then the _Execute_ button.
```

[#img-App3]
.OpenAPI Data Layer
image::images/3dps2.png[]

> Since this call does not take any input you will see the output as shown in Fig 3. In addition, it also shows the curl request with all the necessary query parameters.

Reviewer: As above, it won't be Figure 3.

> The **3D Scene** function on the other hand takes three input. The first is the path parameter(_layer_) and the remaining two are query parameters(_format_,_bbox_) see Fig 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **3D Scene** function on the other hand takes three input parameters. The first is a path parameter (_layer_) and the remaining two are query parameters (_format_,_bbox_). See Fig. <change to the correct number>.
```

[#img-App4]
.OpenAPI 3D Scene
image::images/3dps3.png[]

> A Successful execution will provide the a tilesetlink (see example below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A successful execution will provide the a tileset link (see example below).
```

----

> tilesetLink :http://tb13.igd.fraunhofer.de:8083/3dps/datahoster/fc38b549-4989-4703-bb27-f5b4fd33fd90/manhattan/tileset.json

Reviewer: This should be a `link` (https://github.com/opengeospatial/WFS_FES/blob/master/core/openapi/schemas/link.yaml). Again, perhaps just add a note about the simplified approach taken in the prototype.

----

This _tilesetLink_ can be rendered in the Cesium globe. To show the feasibility of our approach we have developed an intergrated  prototype see Fig 5. Please visit the following http://81.169.187.7:8081/3DPS_App/[ http://81.169.187.7:8081/3DPS_App/]. 

[#img-App5]
.3DPS APP
image::images/3dps5.png[]

To educate yourself and get use the platform please visit the you tube link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EwlwAhtK7Q[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EwlwAhtK7Q].

> NOTE: Multiple Layers is not yet implemented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Multiple layers are not implemented in the prototype.
```
